Title: [Removed]
Description: [Removed]

Title: Grizzly bear that killed couple Banff National Park is euthanized - The Washington Post - The Washington Post
Description: The bear that killed common-law partners and their dog at the popular park in Alberta was euthanized.

Title: 2023 NFL Week 4 winners and losers: Josh Allen, A.J. Brown on a roll as Bengals, Steelers find more trouble - CBS Sports
Description: A survey of the latest NFL action

Title: FDA investigating baby's death linked to probiotic given by hospital - CBS News
Description: The Food and Drug Administration is warning doctors not to give probiotics to preterm infants.

Title: Sam Bankman-Fried and the FTX Collapse: What to Know Before the Trial - The Wall Street Journal
Description: Prosecutors view it as one of the largest financial-fraud cases in U.S. history

Title: Coast Guard suspends search for missing swimmer following apparent shark attack near Point Reyes - Marin Independent Journal
Description: The missing person was reported to be attacked by a shark on Sunday morning off the coast of Wildcat Beach near Point Reyes.

Title: Microsoft CEO Testifies About Limits of AI at Google Antitrust Trial - The Wall Street Journal
Description: Satya Nadella says it will take more than AI to check Google’s advantage in internet search

Title: How to Watch Google's Big Pixel 8 and Pixel Watch 2 Event - Gizmodo
Description: The Made by Google event will take place Wednesday, Oct. 4, where Google may show us something that hasn’t already been leaked.

Title: Taylor Swift Chiefs Jets Game Best Moments - BuzzFeed
Description: Taylor Swift looking stressed when the Chiefs were tied with the Jets and seemingly asking Travis Kelce's mom Donna how she deals with it every week is such a mood.

Title: MLB playoffs: Five bold predictions for postseason as Astros, Twins end streaks, Phillies find breakout star - CBS Sports
Description: The 2023 postseason holds the chance for chaos, let's get bold

Title: Paris is crawling with bedbugs. They're even riding the trains. - CBS News
Description: Bedbugs are popping up in Paris hotels, homes, and even public transport, and with the Olympics just 10 months away, that has city officials' skin crawling.

Title: All Onewheel electric skateboards are under recall after 4 deaths and serious injury reports - ABC News
Description: All models of Onewheel self-balancing electric skateboards are under recall after at least four deaths and multiple injuries were reported in recent years, federal regulators say

Title: Beyonce to bring Renaissance concert film to AMC theaters l GMA - Good Morning America
Description: The 32-time Grammy winner confirmed that a concert film of her record-breaking "Renaissance" world tour will hit theaters Dec. 1 in a deal with movie chain g...

Title: Clarence Thomas recuses as Supreme Court rejects appeal by Trump lawyer John Eastman - CNBC
Description: The Supreme Court refused to consider an appeal by former Donald Trump lawyer John Eastman, related to emails sent in the wake of the 2020 election.

Title: Jodie Turner-Smith Files for Divorce from Joshua Jackson - TMZ
Description: Jodie Turner-Smith is pulling the plug on her marriage to Joshua Jackson ... TMZ has learned she just filed for divorce.

Title: Cancer Daily Horoscope Today, Oct 03, 2023 predicts effective decision making - Hindustan Times
Description: Read Cancer daily horoscope for October 03, 2023 to know your daily astrological predictions. With Mercury moving into your career sector today. | Horoscope

Title: US health officials propose using a cheap antibiotic as a 'morning-after pill' against STDs - Yahoo News
Description: U.S. health officials plan to endorse a common antibiotic as a morning-after pill that gay and bisexual men can use to try to avoid some increasingly common ...

Title: [Removed]
Description: [Removed]

Title: What did you make of QB Zach Wilson from Week 4 vs. Chiefs? - NFL
Description: What did you make of QB Zach Wilson from Week 4 vs. Chiefs? | 'GMFB'Watch live local and primetime games, NFL RedZone, and NFL Network on Plus.NFL.comCheck o...

Title: Rivian Q3 deliveries beat expectations, jump 23% from previous quarter - TechCrunch
Description: Rivian beat Wall Street estimates on production and delivery numbers in the third quarter, sending shares higher.

